Don't worry, I got all the colours and styles so you don't have to. And you can decide which silicone ring you want. These are the super stretchy Glowstone Collection silicone bands from Rinfit. And these are patented. That means no one else can make them. Now, this is the OG, the rectangle. It's about three carats. And this is the pink, their most popular band. They also have this in ocean blue. You can literally get any color band with this exact ring. I'm five and a quarter. You definitely want to size down or order your true to size, because it will relax to fit your finger. I ordered the size fives. Here is the oval, and oh, my gosh, she's a stunner. Any type of round or oval cut is so good. Here is the one carat round. Look at how sparkly those are. And you didn't hear it from me, but these are actually interchangeable. You can take off these and put them on any other color of band that you have already. Here is the pear shape, and I'm truly obsessed with this blue. It is so good. And then you have your marquis and your princess cut. Look at that dazzler. Now here are the newest and most unique. This is the one they added a Halo to. So if you are a Halo girly, this is the one you want. Just look at it on the finger like that. Is obsessively good. And Here is the Wemo. Look at the three stone. Are we kidding? Those are all three rounds. The largest stone in the side, in the center, and the smaller stones on the side, you can't even tell that's a silicone band. Like, that is so good. And last, and their newest are their thin band. These are now my new obsession. They fit so comfortably and so light on the finger. I'm obsessed with the one carat. Look at how stunning that is. And then this one is the rectangle. They also have an oval cut one in this one. And, I mean, these are so good. This is the clear band, which I absolutely adore. You can't even tell, like, where the silicone band is when you're wearing it. And then they have the colored ones. This one is. They have a black, a white, and this opaque. All of these are so good. They are perfect for people who can't wear their ring to work for safety reasons. Pregnant women whose fingers swell if you travel a lot. And my gym girlies, they love these. Now's the time to treat yourself. Pull the trigger and grab one of these.