This is not a TikTok shop post. This is not an ad. This is something I bought with my own money, and I am telling you, it works because their marketing is so fucking annoying that it is doing them absolutely no favors. Carpe deodorant. I have ADHD. I take stimulants for it, so because of that, I am constantly sweating. Even when I don't take my meds, I'm just a little bit nervous all the time. I am always sweating. This helps. Like, let me clarify. I do still sweat a little bit. Not a ton, but I do still sweat. It just doesn't smell, and I'm so afraid of smelling bad. Literally anybody who knows me personally could tell you I'm always wearing a lot of perfume because I am so afraid of people smelling my constant sweat. When I first got it, they did say, like, it takes a couple weeks of continuous use for you to really notice a difference, and I do think that's true. It's not that I didn't notice it working right away. It's just that I noticed it working a lot more now that I've been using it for maybe a month and a half. Two months now. So it really does work. They always advertise, like, their premium fragrances. They're fine. I'll probably get the unscented next time just because they do smell good, but they just have a kind of strong smell, and I don't want it to Blend in with my perfume. In order to get the 56% off that they are fucking constantly advertising everywhere, you do need to sign up for a subscription. And I do think you need to get like a certain amount of products at once for you to qualify for that discount. So I got two of these. Got the peach vanilla first, which was fine. I like the coconut vanilla more. But good news is I've now seen this at my target. So you can get it at target. As far as deodorant goes, I do think it's a little more expensive, I don't fucking remember. But I'm going to keep buying it because it really does work. I swore by the secret clinical. That was the only thing that could even put a dent in my sweat and my stench. But this Carpe works. It really does. Hey, one last thought. It does leave a white cast, and if you're not careful, it can get all over your clothes. But it works so well that it's worth it.